what's up Dakota with kono if I did it
no finally we've been talking about it
I feel super connected to you man
because all day I've been listening you
on Jacko's podcast no but first of all
anybody who really wants to know you in
depth in your element talking with a
fellow warrior I strongly recommend that
podcast for people don't and what what
number is it you know which I don't know
a number it is just listening to it it's
Jaco podcast one one five into the fire
and beyond the call of duty yeah Jaco is
a fucking beast and you two together
talking about the incidents that
happened with you overseas it's insane I
mean it is is like I had a call buddy -
stop the podcast and call my friend
Brendan just to talk to him yeah I was
like this is so intense it's like I was
driving I was getting nervous right you
know yeah drive it in my fucking car my
Tesla right I will electric car drive my
hands are sweating and I'm breathing
heavy on my bak yeah it was well if you
hear all those like you know when you're
listening to that podcast that was by
far the most I mean he liked Jocko just
pulled it out of me like right like you
know most everybody hits like the the
high points of it but you know me and
Jocko just made that connection it was
the first time we'd ever met face to
face yeah we just went like he picked me
he actually picked me up from the
airport and we went we went there and we
sat down to the the podcast and and I
don't know I I think I think he knew the
questions to ask because I think it was
good for both of us because you know if
you got to the point kind of in the
middle of it if you start hearing those
silences it was both of us trying to
keep from tears falling right like it
was like it was like that moment you're
trying to it just you know what really
we really connected and it was you know
it was a tough podcast well you could
tell because for Jocko you know I listen
to a lot of Jacko's podcasts but that
was one where he was really in his
element first of all it's very obviously
there's a deep respect for you and who
you are and what you stand for and then
too it brought him back to his own
experiences
more and so the whole thing is just it's
one of the most intense podcasts I've
ever listened to if not the most intense
yeah it's fucking having yeah it was it
was heavy it was a hard like it was a
hard one you know he like you said I
think I think we both I think Jaco was
getting as much out of it as I was right
and I have the utmost respect for Jaco
the guy is just you know he is he's the
epitome of a warrior all around you know
like from day day in and day out I mean
he wakes up every day and lives the
things that he says I mean you know he
does what he says and he lives it and he
puts people first and he's just he's one
of them
he's only the greatest guys I've ever
met and I agree I couldn't said it
better and Tim Kennedy's well you know
we're both friends with Tim and that the
same thing that's it I'm kind of it's a
rare rare human being it is those guys
it is you know and I think that's what
like you know that's what I'm so
fortunate about it's like I'm just I'm
surrounded by just people like that
right like you know I'm so I'm so
fortunate to have a circle like that you
know I think that that that's what makes
us who we are you know I mean that it's
the true the epitome is iron sharpens
iron and when you're surrounded by guys
like Jocko and Tim Kennedy and and I
mean what will you have no option but
even if you're you know even if you're
last in that group like you're still
you're still above average you know well
there's a cliche you know that comes up
when people talk about military you know
that you know people will say thing and
sometimes it's it's hard to understand
whether or not they grasp exactly what
they're saying but that people make
sacrifices so that you could be free and
I don't think I don't think people we
it's hard to truly internalize that
without having experienced what you've
experienced with Jocko and Tim Kennedy
of experience what I'm listening to it
i'm i know that it's correct i know that
it's true i supported a hundred percent
but it's almost like an alien thing to
me because i've never experienced it so
when hearing you guys talk about it and
climbing inside your head for a bit and
letting listen to describe it that that
cliche the land of the free because of
the brave it it it gets highlighted well
you understand like this is why
america's not like it is in other places
because of this strong military and one
of the things you guys talked about in
that podcast was this idea of us
vade in Afghanistan that you were
fighting alongside Afghanistan and most
people who talk about war will have this
peripheral sort of cursory understanding
about what they would like the world to
be like you know that they would like no
war and that this is terrible we
shouldn't be over there they don't truly
understand what you understand you know
that they don't and and and I think you
know the perspective that I get to come
back and I think all these guys telling
their stories you know from Rob O'Neill
to marcus luttrell like I think every
every warrior out there has to tell
their story to make people understand
right like it's so important for that
because we've got a perspective of the
world that a lot of people don't get yes
and you know I mean I stood next to I
stood next to people and that we
couldn't like you talked about not
believing not being raised not coming
from the same place not having you know
we could have found every reason not to
to be on the same ground but we stood
next to each other and we're willing to
die for each other we found we chose to
find the common denominator and that was
because there's only two types of people
in this world there's good and evil yes
like that it really comes down to that
like like war is so simple life is so
simple when you try to complicate it
there's other reasons and it's like this
this whole this whole thing we were all
over there fighting for this for the
belief to be free there's this disbelief
of democracy this belief of of what we
all live for and it's you can't see it
but but we live it every day and we were
willing to give our lives for four
people we didn't even know people we
didn't even meet one of the things you
talked about with Jocko we you said you
didn't just lose four brothers that day
you lost ten because you lost six
Afghani brothers as well yeah we like
you know the the Afghans were as close
to me as as the Marines were you know my
team of Afghan soldiers you know I lived
on a basis for us and 80 Afghans and
every day I went out on patrol and I'm
patrolling with them and they're no
different than me and you you know they
just want a place I'll never forget that
really hit home to me is I had an Afghan
we were sitting up on the mountain
actually the cover of my book it was
that day we were sitting on the Kahn on
that
that mountain because we had chased some
Taliban up up that hill and we were
sitting up there in this Afghan looked
at me and he just said I hope that
someday you can bring your family here
on vacation I hope that we can get it to
that point Wow and it really hit home to
me it's like you know we're all just
alike you know we're all just alike we
all just want to live a great life and
we all just want to get along I mean if
you don't if you don't get along it's
because you choose not to get along for
people who don't understand the conflict
if in Afghanistan explain what is
happening and why we're over there yeah
so you know the basically Afghanistan
and it was the same thing in Iraq too I
mean you know that's where these
terrorist organizations were right and
you know world they're fighting
alongside Afghanistan we're over there
fighting alongside Iraq we're not
fighting Iraq and fighting Afghanistan
we were fighting alongside both of those
countries and trying to rebuild it up
and trying to get rid of these terrorist
cells that are inside those countries
you know like you said I mean I
everybody thinks it you know we're
fighting Iraq and we're fighting
Afghanistan it's not the case we're
alongside them helping them rebuild
their countries you know when you go to
black rifle coffee in Salt Lake you know
those guys are awesome awesome they
brought a bunch of former Afghani troops
over and they work for them over there
like a lot of the guys working in the
factory yeah you're like oh okay I got
like these these guys are so close these
people they brought them back and gave
them jobs absolutely absolutely you know
and this is I just think most people
don't really have a full picture of what
what's at stake and why it's even
happening they just don't want war right
they just don't want war but it's like
you know I mean there's no way you mean
you can go in your house and lock your
doors and and sit there and try to
pretend that the evil that we fight
doesn't exist but it exists it exists
it's her it's there and if we don't go
fight it over there it's going to come
here that's another cliche that like
seems alien to people you know it's it's
it's a true statement it's always been
true throughout human history but when
you live in a country like America we're
so
fortunate it's so awesome here even when
it sucks it's awesome in comparison to
the rest of the world you know it's very
rare that you have a place where you
really can start at the bottom and make
your way up to be a successful person I
mean literally you can start here and
come from nothing and within your
generation be the President of the
United States you could literally start
from that and it's the only country on
the face of the planet
and I tell people all the time like you
know just because you know we get so
caught up like right now is like an
emotional time for America right it's
getting ready to I call it the draining
time you know from now until you know
November you know until the election
time it's gonna be draining right and
everybody's getting so emotional and
fired up and yeah and it's like you know
like it's gonna be whatever but the cool
part is is that this country like from
all of us in the military from all our
first responders our police officers you
know we're the only country on the face
of planet that doesn't swear allegiance
to a person we swear allegiance to a
document to a piece of paper and that's
that's what that's what allows us to be
us that's what allows us to not have one
person come in and be able to change up
this idea that we have of democracy of
freedom and and that's that's that's
something that's just it's incredible
it's what keeps our country the way it
is right like there's not you know the
people will always be in charge here and
you know what most of America most
ninety-nine percent of America is
incredible it's incredible and you know
what they're gonna they're stopping
they're helping people and it's just
allowed ones that make us look you know
make it look like it's all chaotic well
people love to point out the horrible
aspects and their love to ignore the
good aspects they love to dwell on the
bad parts and I think ultimately that's
going to prove to be good for everybody
because those people that are
highlighting all these bad things then
everybody else has to think about it and
we'll slowly but surely evolve and come
to an understanding and and and and make
the world a better place it's a way
better place now than it was a hundred
years ago or 200 years ago and I think
this is a I mean Steven Pinker talks
about this all the time in his books but
and it's criticized for it because a lot
of people don't like the idea that
things are getting better and they want
to dwell on the negative aspects and
they want to they want to magnify those
and make it the most important focal
point I think the most important focal
point if we won't have a good world is
concentrate on the good aspects and and
how amazing it really is that we have
this incredible ability to express
ourselves this incredible ability to
prosper to move and I mean you know
people don't get the same share or the
same stake in life a lot of people get a
terrible opening hand of cards yeah but
you can improve and this is one of the
rare places in the world where you can
if you're if you're so inclined if you
have the discipline if you could figure
it out emotionally if you could figure
it out in terms of like what you want to
do in your life you can you can live a
healthy a healthy and successful life in
this country it's possible it's a
hundred percent 100 percent like
nobody's holding you down right like you
have the choice to be able to do that
you have the choice to go out every
opportunities here like there's no other
country that has more opportunities in
the United States of America
especially for me for anybody and and I
agree with you I think that this society
has gotten into this to this place of
where we're trying to out victimize each
other like who can be the bigger victim
who's had it harder you know and and you
know it's it's the the thing that I also
believe is that with technology and all
this is the empathy like like suffering
has became normal for people right like
it's became entertainment like look at
reality TV like people's messed up lives
that's entertainment for people now
right video games of you know and I talk
about this all the time about war right
we came back and it was we like the war
has now been romanticized it's been
romanticized that it's this cool image
of like I hear people say yeah I just
want to go kick in doors and shoot
people in the face and it's like wow you
you've probably never done it then and
it's like we've got our kids playing
video games of the stuff that keeps me
awake at night
and it's like you know at what point do
we start humanizing these things when
you see one of those crazy video games
those first person shooters involved
or does that bring back memories I mean
does it does it or is it does it
irritate you it you know it you know I I
under I think that what's not put out
there is is you know I hear kids talking
about hey you know did you use this or
did you use this or did you know I you
hear people say well did you kill
somebody right it's like like kids and I
don't think that that's you know I like
to me that bothers me because it's not
there's nothing cool about taking
another human's life and and when you're
playing video games and it's like oh I
got you know this many kills like these
kids are just watching this screen over
and over and the more you know the more
graphic it gets the like the less
desensitized that we have to another
human being suffering right the more
desensitise yeah desensitized right like
the more desensitized and then you start
you know the the more the movies go and
the more i mean you know i think i think
it like we've just like we've pushed
ourselves away from you know from being
empathetic to hey dudes are real people
these are real people's lives like what
if they you know we've stopped looked in
it looking at people and saying you know
this is someone's child
yes this is someone's mother right this
is someone's son i okay we've we've
gotten away from that and like like the
the you know the old art that i was
always told to live by street someone as
you'd want to be treated yourself and if
you were in those shoes and every time I
pass somebody every time I see somebody
suffering I always look at that and be
like well what would I want somebody to
do if they see my daughter suffering or
my son suffering right I mean look at
all these times ask these people holding
their video cameras up in their video
and somebody like getting just beat and
it's like why how do you do that not
help how does that not just suck
everything out of you to not want to do
something yeah there's a thing called
diffusion of responsibility that happens
people in crowds unfortunately and it's
also the same thing that I think when
you're filming something that's
happening in real life is the same thing
that you've seen in these video games
and on television shows mean we we have
never had
or violence in film form and in video
game form ever ever but yet we've never
had less violence violence like how many
people who play these games that have
seen people get shot over and over and
over and over again I've never seen a
body never seen anybody get severely
wounded or shot and so to them getting
shot and shooting people is always it's
almost like empty it's like bang bang
bang there's the guy comes out of the
bushes bang bang bang you shoot them
here comes this guy bang you shoot them
and it doesn't feel like anything and
then you shut it off and you have a
sandwich then you turn it on again you
do it again yeah so you're you're
experiencing this thing that's empty
it's it's like you're pretending to
drink water but there's nothing in the
glass you just keep doing it over and
over again and then you get some real
water and you're like oh this is this is
different yeah this is their that's not
even a good Ignite thats a terrible
analogy but the analogy of numbing that
people are numb to this fake violence
and have no experience with the real
stuff so they think of the real stuff
the same way they think of the fake
stuff they do and then you know and
sometimes when they see it they still
are numb they still can't act right like
they still don't it's kind of like it's
kind like imagine the way I look at it
is you know you look at all these
simulators like flight simulators like I
mean there's all this virtual reality
right of that people are using this for
actually training and so like you don't
think that it's the same way when you're
doing this and then you got games that
come out like Grand Theft Auto right
like where you're just running around
and you're shooting hookers running like
yeah like how does that how is that eat
how is anything positive come from at
right right how is anything possible
yeah it's um we're a weird culture and
then weird you could see all the
violence you want like I watched John
wick 3 last night I've finally finished
it Jesus Christ 3/4 of the way through
I'm like how many fucking people have
they killed this is so ridiculous yeah
it's just a murder fest it's murder porn
that's what it's like isn't it kind of
yeah but the crazy thing is like that
kind of violence is unheard of but yet
you don't show sex like you could show
people's brains exploding but if you
showed a girl's pussy
penis going inside of it people so one
thing that doesn't hurt anybody that
everybody wants yeah yeah being horrific
to show like if you had a home with you
know a Brad Pitt and give me a hot woman
actress Jamie you know hot women
actresses who's what Scarlett Johansson
okay Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt
have a sex scene and they actually
fucking get after it
yeah and you you see it you see your
feet up in the air you'd be like what
are we watching oh yeah this is crazy
but but yet you could see Brad Pitt
spoiler alert if you see that uh once
upon a time in Hollywood is it the name
of it couldn't enter he beats a woman to
death smashing her face against a mantle
of a fucking fireplace and you're like
holy fuck and that's okay that's okay
that's okay that's fine that's fine buck
shark Scarlett Johansson you saw her
asshole you'd be like what I see her
action this is crazy
get this up you should go to jail it's
weird things that everybody wants to do
like we all want sex
everybody likes sex everybody likes sex
but it's over you know being some with
the death of their fucking head off a
mantle I mean that's a daughter too
that's somebody's daughter fucking more
weird bro we are weird yeah when you
look at it like that so weird so weird
know how outrageous it would be if
Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt had an
actual sex scene in a movie they just
fuck they said listen I like her she
likes me
let's do this yeah and she's like let's
do it fuck it I'm ready I'm ready to
method act that actually happened in a
movie called brown bunny it was a long
time ago there was a movie with Vincent
Gallo and there was an actress her
name's Chloe I forget how you say her
name Sven gee how do you say it 7g it's
really good actress and he's a really
good actor and for whatever reason they
decided to do a sex scene where she
gives him a real blowjob yeah and
everybody who saw it in the theater was
angry all these critics were angry
they're like this is fucking outrageous
this is terribly and it really killed
his career I mean it killed her career a
little bit too I think definitely
derailed it but it fucking killed his
career yeah
everybody thought he's a creep after
that it's a creep like a creates
research a creep for something that
everybody's done right but meanwhile
everybody loves Keanu Reeves face and
eyeballs in the mouth he's cutting them
up and stabbing them and throwing them
off motorcycles like that's okay though
that's okay that's okay but Vincent
Gallo actually getting a legitimate
blowjob
that's outrageous that guy should be
pulled out of Hollywood than ever done
he's terrible who wanted a blowjob
yeah it's weirdly we can't freaked out
about watching people do something that
everybody wants to do it's it's insane
very weird yeah insane engine yeah it's
super weird that's funny what do you got
Jaime he he produced edited directed
cinematography of the video okay in this
scene how much he actually sucks my dick
for all of it no no really over let's do
this everybody would be like get the
fuck out of here you probably had a film
and not let anybody know what was
happening until after it was over the
crazy thing is he talked her into it
you imagine she'd be like wait what the
fuck did you say but he talked through
it and she went with it but that would
be fine but you know there's a scene in
Apocalypse Now where there's a water
buffalo and they killed the water
buffalo with a machete mhm
they used a real water buffalo and a
real machete they really killed the
water buffalo for that scene and now
there's people went nuts I bet they went
nuts and they go nuts now when people
find out about now they freak out yeah
like I wouldn't like I mean I wouldn't
even post anything on my Instagram of
hunting because Peter would just like
people just tell you like all we should
we should we should hunt you we should
shoot you with the bone arrow I mean yep
but but but but they can go watch people
get killed mm-hmm
no problem no problem yeah I rarely post
things I posted the first elk I ever
shot with a bow I posted a picture that
but
I was it's hard work man it was hard for
me to do I was proud of it yeah
it's difficult and I was gonna eat that
out for a year and I did eat it you know
and to me that meant a lot to me like
this is how I'm getting my meat now this
is my nutritionist I'm gonna feed my
family with this but yeah the comments
are just they're ridiculous right they
just go crazy but hey you know that's
their trip part of it yeah their trip is
save the animals everybody's got their
own it's interesting like the own thing
that gives them a sense of purpose that
makes them feel like they're doing
something that makes a difference and
makes a change that matters
yeah and for a lot of people it's that
like stop eating eggs yeah stop eating
eggs okay good luck with that my
favorite is when they're rabid fucking
vicious nasty vegans and then like eight
years later they give up they start
eating fish and the next thing you know
they get hard-ons again and it's just it
doesn't last you know it's so fucking
hard to just eat only plants it's it's
not the healthiest move for most people
I mean everybody did everybody varies
biologically but for most people it's
not the healthiest move you know you
mean yeah give respect I'm a vegan like
you that's discipline yes that's
discipline and I've friends that are
vegan my friend John Joseph he's legit
as fuck and he's he's been plant-based
for more than twenty years I think more
than that right thirty maybe even thirty
years he's an animal
but for him like it's part of his
discipline that helped him clean up he
was addicted to drugs it helped him you
know I mean he's done ten Iron Man's you
know so and a bunch of half Iron Man's
as well so like you know it's part of
who he is as a man like his discipline
and a heart of his discipline applies
tis is diet yeah being a vegan it's um
like I couldn't do you could do it no
I'm sure you could you don't want to do
it the way you've done you can probably
do anything that people can you know the
way I justified is it's like I'm I'm you
know I'm vegetarian through secondhand
source right you eaten vegetarians well
yeah exactly yeah so it's just do a
secondhand source yeah I don't think
they count that it doesn't you know it's
it's it's one of those things where when
I drink it's from corn right so Anthony
Bourdain you should get really angry
about this and one of the things that he
said was
this is a first world problem he's like
we are so fortunate with that we have
this problem and in other countries
they're just trying to get enough
protein to feed their family they're
just trying to get enough food to feed
people you know and he was it wasn't
like he was indifferent to animals but
he was deeply concerned about people
about you know because of all this is
traveling he had like a great deal of
empathy for all these different people
in these different cultures and their
cuisine and they did a tremendous amount
of respect for it like he would talk
about it like it was religious to him
almost you know yeah like you know when
we would go into villages and eat I mean
if they if they had meat like that was a
big deal like if they if they brought
meat out to you then they you know that
was a huge deal yeah I mean you look at
it and it's just like gosh you know we
you know world beer complain about stuff
that that most countries wish they had
those problems like almost 90% of stuff
we're complaining about most countries
wish they had those problems right but I
get it the people don't want those
problems to exist too they want those
problems go away they want to utopia and
the only way to build towards utopia is
to improve upon the problems that we
have and we do have problems across the
board but incomparably just I would just
love some perspective from people I
would just love some and I think that
would go a long way to help people have
more happiness let me but I mean how do
you wake up when all you do is focus on
problems right like it's kind of like
you know when you're when you're working
or you're at a job right or you own a
company like everybody's you're always
just fixing I call it putting out fires
yeah and if that's all you do is
constantly put out fires like at what
point do you become grateful like like
at what point at what point of the day
do people stop and look around right and
they're grateful for what they have and
they're appreciative of I had a guy
telling me you know when I was going
through my divorce I mean I was I was a
train wreck
just called Tim Kennedy and he'll tell
you you know I'll never forget a guy set
me down I was talking about all these
problems and just myth I mean just
nitpicking and fighting over the small
stuff and I mean literally just well she
worded it this way and she needs to do
it this way like literally just every
little thing and a guy finally sat me
down he looked at me he goes look Dakota
he said if you can make choices or
decisions to change it
then it's not a problem it's an
inconvenience today that you can't make
a choice you've got cancer your kids
sick or something like that he goes
that's a day you got problems until then
you just got any conveniences that's a
great way to look at it until then you
just got inconveniences and I was like
you're right it's a great way to look at
it because there's levels of problems
right there's insurmountable problems
cancer injuries things things of that
nature car accidents car mountable and
you know what and the thing is I think
you know the I think I'm so fortunate to
have gone through the experiences that I
have because I you know each one of them
it it's all perspective it changes my
perspective on the way I look at things
it changes the things that are important
to me I call it I always call it
everybody's got their lens of life and
that lens of life you know your lens of
life looks different than mine mine
looks different than yours and at all we
all have our own lens of life and at the
point you know we get so focused and get
into autopilot and it'll focus on you
know it's kind of your camera you pull
it up and you got on autofocus it never
focuses on what you want it focused on
right until you go back to the manual
focus and you push where it's at and I
feel like all these problems that we
have are just made to hey we need to
tighten our lens back up to focus on
what really really really matters yeah
well I think sometimes people need to
hear it from some of their like you you
know or someone like Jocko or you know
the the beautiful thing about these
podcasts is that you get to hear
people's perspective and a lot of them
are eye-opening you know they're they
literally can change the world because
they change the way you behave and you
interact with people when you listen to
it yeah and that podcast that you did
with Jocko when I was listening to me it
changed my whole day it changed like how
I was gonna look at my day I was you
know instead of like looking at my day
like up it's a normal day I was thinking
god damn I'm lucky yeah damn I'm lucky
and goddamn imagine experiencing what
you and how old were you at the time I
was 21 21 years old yeah and
experiencing what you experienced in
that insane firefight being locked down
and I mean how many guys did you wind up
engaging with I I don't know I you know
I don't know I mean everyone they I got
an opportunity with
right and just you know it was just uh
you know I was so chaotic I mean I still
I look I think about all time obviously
it's something I could have never
experienced I mean I trained for war
every single day when I was in the
Marine Corps I mean it was what I was
what my job was and I still could have
never imagined that day the way it was
or anything to turn out I could have
never pictured it I could have never and
and I think every day it goes by I think
there's a reckoning of it right the way
that I've seen it that day is not the
way I see it today and I think that
comes with you know just just sharpening
and just your body you know you change
and you see different things in
perspective but yeah I mean you know I I
you know that day I mean it still I mean
it still is just you know just it's just
there's so many lessons that come from
that day that you know I look at people
complaining about stuff here in America
and it's like you know I seen him one
day the best of humans the worst of
humans and everybody nobody thought they
were wrong and it's possible you know
it's just it's just one of those deals
of you know that that day was just
that's an important point what you just
said nobody thought they were wrong not
them not you yeah you know I I but and
it changed me that day like I walked in
there that day and I was the guy who was
cocky who would tell you you know I love
fighting you know I mean like I like I
just want to go fight like you know but
ever every fight I had before that it
was like you know I always had airplanes
sitting you know our helicopters sitting
sitting around I always had you know it
was like I'm gonna go in there and start
the fight and then I'm gonna call in all
this other this other stuff to win right
and that day it wasn't there and and and
literally I walked out of there and I
just think about all the time today I
just think about all the time of how
many generations just that day were
changed how many generations of of
people's lives were changed you know all
my teammates died so they'll never have
kids that generations stopped
their families forever exhume any lives
were changed that day by that that that
piece and guess what and everybody in
America had no clue it was going on like
right now there are US troops
somebody wondering if they're gonna be
able to come home and see their family
again that's reality whether you want to
ignore it or not like that's reality and
that was me September 8 2009 and it was
just uh she was a chaotic day it's
amazing how you could have thousands of
days in your life in one day changes the
way you look at everything
one day changes the way you look at
everything and you know in like the the
further I go on that I look at it
different you know I always talked about
this story of you know whenever this guy
came up behind me and I ended up I ended
up killing him with the rock and I
always remember just like I remember it
like I see it every night like I
remember like I just see his face and I
got just because there was a point there
was a point that I feel like that
anybody that when they whether they're
injured or anything like they realize
they're defeated like they like it like
yeah I don't know I just think there's a
point when you look at somebody and they
know they're gonna die and I'll never
forget that and I you know now I look at
it and I see it and I always thanked it
like this guy is a son to somebody his
mother and father are gonna miss him
this guy he believes in his cause as
much as I do he doesn't believe he's
wrong
this guy this guy he he could have had a
wife or kids that are never gonna see
their father again just like you know my
dad might have never seen me again if it
was switched and really I don't even
know that I don't hate him I don't even
know this guy we're just here at this
place right now because we were born in
two different countries
were you out of weapons were you out of
ammo so my know he came up and he
started choking me my had shot him once
before and he I was trying to pick my
buddy dolly my one of my closest afghans
dolly had been shot he got killed he had
been killed and I came around this
terrorist to get him and I was on my
knee and this guy came up behind me and
so he didn't have a weapon either he was
no he did he had a weapon and I ended up
shooting him from the ground and I
thought he was dead when he fell on the
ground and I kind of moved down and got
down with dolly cuz we I was still
getting shot at from this machine gun up
on this hill and I was trying to make
myself small as I could and this guy
ends up coming up and choking me like I
thought he was I thought he was dead
and he ends up choking me out he starts
trying to choke me out and eventually
let up a little bit and I ended up
getting around him and I just got we
were fighting back and Forrest and I can
remember all I was thinking about was
like don't let his legs get on me like
you know these guys their legs or I mean
they been crawling up mountains their
whole life and he was up he was a pretty
big dude and I just remember getting on
top of him finally I got on top of him
and I was rolling on top of him he
didn't have all the gear on I did and I
hate up I remember getting on top of him
like like I was straddling him and I'm
just reaching up trying to grab for
anything I can I'm holding him and
holding him down with my throat with my
my forearm and I'm just grabbing
anything I can and finally I ended up
grabbing a rock and I just started
beating this dude's face in and I
started beating and beating and beating
and I remember I remember just like
finally like after hitting him you know
I don't know three or four times four
five times whatever I remember him like
finally just kind of looking at me like
just it's it's like he's like just as
I'm just looking him in eyes like
obviously closer than me to you right
now and you just see all the you can
tell like he knows where this is going
and I always think about that you know
obviously I would kill him a million
times over again right he was doing me
like I don't feel bad about that part of
it but I just think about like in that
moment if I can find a way to relate to
him in that moment a man I'm taking his
life
we all in America can find a way to
connect with each other if we don't
connect with each other's because we
choose not to I don't care what your
differences are like don't like find a
reason of why we can get along not why
we should not get along right and and I
always think about that moment you know
of this guy and you know he obviously
ended up dying and and and it would it
showed me was is that no cause that you
have that's built on hate will survive I
didn't hate this guy didn't even know
him
but I was willing to to take his life
because of what I loved and that's what
that's what we have to build our lives
and our foundation on is not not being
angry and hating each other but because
we love the cause that we believe in so
much does that make sense it does make
sense I understand what you're saying
the way they look at it in Afghanistan
this so it's is it al-qaeda or the
Taliban so al Qaeda is mainly and so al
Qaeda was in Iraq al Qaeda is the issue
that's in Iraq and the Taliban pouch and
that's in Afghanistan Afghanistan and
the Taliban what are they trying to do
are they trying to run a religious
caliphate yeah I mean they just want
they you know they want to run you know
if the way that they want to right like
they want to they don't want they don't
believe in you know women being educated
they I mean they don't believe in ain't
like they don't believe in you know they
go back to that their beliefs of you
know it's driven by religion of all that
control they want they want to control
and how much support do they have from
the general population
I mean I think it not not necessarily
the support but because I think that
it's not necessarily support it's the
power that they have right like they
come in and and they lead with a heavy
hand right I mean there's these they
don't these these these the locals run
the place but the Taliban is kind of
like look at it like a game right like
kind of like a mob or
or like the Taliban is kind of like the
cartel right and so that's that's where
they come from and they try to lead with
violence and same thing that you would
you know you would see with the cartel
Taliban is kind like an over of a big
cartel and so the general the population
they would like that to not be the case
yeah I mean they want us a system of
democracy similar to what we have I mean
I don't know what they want that but I
didn't want something better than what
of course like I mean I think they all
see that they live in shit holes right
they all see you know I think that they
they know what could get you know how it
could be better and how life could be
better you know yeah the cool thing
about America is is that we know what
freedom is and I promise you this like
you want to have all the differences
stop if anybody ever invaded us I mean
people don't want to give anything up so
they would all start fight everybody
would get on the same page and start
fighting if anybody tried to come to
America because nobody would want to
give up their stuff well post-911
remember that what I was you were a
younger guy how old were you at 9/11 I
was in eighth grade and I always say I
would never wish for another 9/11 but I
would give anything for a nine twelve mm
I would give anything for a nine twelve
it was crazy like people were friendly
people were letting people in and
traffic people that like American flags
were everywhere everywhere everywhere
people were proud of America like yeah
it was it was crazy it was crazy like
how on NSYNC everybody was it's hard for
people who weren't there on those days
to understand the mood of the country it
was a different world like we people
were patriotic everybody was it I don't
necessarily remember what it was like
before the day 9/11 so I I don't I don't
have much perspective on that but I do
remember nine twelve I remember I mean
everybody was proud to be Americans I
mean you I mean it was everybody was
everybody was proud of our country and
who was switch it turned it it was and
and in that the way it goes though like
when something tragic happens like isn't
that the way it goes like like we
refocus on what really matters you know
all these differences go
yeah but we come back to what matters
well that's something that a lot of
people who experience war have said that
this is where they felt the most
connected because their life was
literally in danger and because they
knew because they had lost loved ones to
this thing they had lost brothers to
this thing that this was real and that
to this day that is the most exciting
and happiest time of their life because
they were so connected Sebastian Junger
wrote about this in a movie the tribe
yeah do you read it I read it it's very
good and it probably would speak to a
lot of the exact same things that you
say but you know like I I find the same
thing not the same thing obviously
because my life's not in danger and I
hope that I never have to go a day where
my life's in danger again and I find the
same appreciation back here in a country
that that I love I can you know I I
narrowed it down cuz I had to come up
with a reason of like why you know I
mean it's hard to sit here and watch the
valleys that you fought for and then the
government go and give those bags back
to the Taliban you know there's this one
video me and my buddy were laughing
about the other day a base that that he
had been on and he shows me this video
and it's like literally the treadmills
that were in the gym there it's a
Taliban guy running on our treadmills
all right like they had left it there
and we're just like whoa you know and
and and I always think about you know
cuz if you get down in the weeds of it
you start really getting you'll get
upset about you know that Valley did I
really did did did my teammates
sacrifice really change your life like
if they hadn't a sacrifice that day
would would your life be changed like
because that's what we're fighting for
is America and so I just saw I always
looked at it like this and I came to
peace with it of you know all we were
trying to do anywhere we went when I
served and I wore the nation's cloths
like I got to I got the best opportunity
when people thanked me for my service
I'm like don't don't thank me like I
appreciate you letting me represent
America be the way team for the United
States of America like I got to wear the
nation's cloth in so many countries
but I always I justify it as all we
tried to do no matter whether we were
passing out soccer balls to kids or we
were going in and providing security for
a while or we were taking out an enemy
combatant all we were trying to do was
make that part of the world that we were
in a better place that's all we were
trying to do we're trying to leave it
better than we found at that moment and
if we take that same concept and we
apply it here and we all go over and do
it for the person on the left in the
right of us and if we use that same
concept you can apply it here in America
every day every single day you can make
this world just a little bit better
there's a lot of people in this country
that don't think we should be
nation-building in other countries and
including people like Tulsi Gabbard who
served but then you got people like Dan
Crenshaw who I've had on the podcast who
what his perspective is you have to go
over there like that you can't allow
these groups to get more powerful and
gain more control you just can't you
can't you can't and if not us then who
and and the thing is is America is a
beacon of hope across the world America
is a beacon of hope and and you can
notice when America's strong everybody
hates us when America is weak the world
suffers and I'm not saying we need to go
in and fight everybody's battle
obviously right like but on the backside
of it you know we're not necessarily
going in and fighting for their
countries but we do have an obligation
to go and help people like you take
Syria when they are gassing when they
are gassing kids and women if nobody
else is gonna go send rockets in there
if nobody else is gonna go hold somebody
accountable for it I'm damned there's
nobody that's serving that's wearing the
uniform that's not gladly doing that and
gonna hold them accountable for it it
has nothing to do with anything other
than
good and evil and if we don't go fight
the evil then who's gonna do it who's
gonna do it and we don't want the evil
to get bigger you don't want the evil to
get bigger you don't want the evil to -
to progress and you don't want the evil
- to think that they can i mean imagine
you see what they're doing right now and
and i think the world knows that that
america will come and show up and you
see how how they're still going imagine
if they didn't have to worry about us
doing it imagine what they would look
like you know and i think you can
imagine better than most that's part of
the problem is that you know when you're
in calabasas you know going to the mall
you know getting yourself a fucking
smoothie yeah it doesn't seem real you
know and you can have all these opinions
about what we should be doing you know
and that we need to stop these war
mongers we need to stop this and stop
that and I've had those opinions myself
in the past and gone back and forth and
the only thing that's changed my mind is
I listen to people that actually know I
think it's one of the most important
things you could ever do and don't try
to form an opinion if you don't really
have any facts and real or any real
understanding I've done that in the past
- I've made those mistakes but what I
can tell you this like you know you look
at 911 thousands of people died and then
none of them volunteered to give their
country for their life that day except
obviously the first responders you look
since 9/11 besides a couple attacks
that's been in America but you look
since 9/11 everybody that's given their
life overseas has volunteered to do that
they volunteered to go fight the evil
and for us to go over there and do that
and keep it off the country to keep it
out of our country to keep it to where
you know our kids and our families and
and our mothers and fathers and and
don't have to worry about this I mean
obviously obviously it could happen
anywhere but but I can't think that us
being over there and giving them a place
to fight us has not helped this country
key
from being attacked multiple times if we
had not gone up there that's a hard pill
for people to swallow right they don't
want to think that but they want to
think the reason why they would attack
us is because we're over there yeah well
you know what I mean
what woody why did we get attacked on
9/11 it's a good question you know like
these people hate us just because they
hate us like they say it's not it's not
about you know I there was that one
worker that said that well we should go
over there and get them more jobs and
more opportunities no these people don't
care like these people have and they
wake up every day and and and try to
think of a way to kill us like there's
no negotiating with these people these
people are evil these people will do
nasty things to human beings that no you
couldn't even imagine you couldn't make
a video game about I mean you look at
you look at some it's Isis stuff of what
they're doing I mean putting somebody in
a cage and burning them you want to be
empathetic to that throwing people
because because of their sexual
preference off the top tying their hands
and legs together and throw them off top
of a building these are the type of
people that this is the type of evil
like that that we're going after and if
we don't do it who's gonna do it right
who's gonna do it do you think it's
possible that this all could be resolved
someday then maybe if it's not our
children our children's children do you
think it's possible nope that's that
everybody says that there's that's one
of the most disheartening things about
any kind of conflict but I mean if you
look at any of the books that came
before us this is this is what you get
this is this is just part of any at any
point in time there's there's conflict
going on it'll never be resolved it'll
never be resolved it will never be
resolved so it's made it's like a
maintenance program
that's hard for people to swallow right
because people want to think that the
reason why it will never be resolved is
because the military-industrial complex
wants to keep us at war and this is just
a big money grab and that's all they're
trying to do is the reason why they have
us over there is they're sending people
over there to die so they can make money
this is this is how people love to look
at it I mean everybody wants to I think
it's just because everybody wants to
find a reason you know everybody wants
to everybody wants a reason that they
can touch feel and blame like they want
something to blame right and they you
know there's nothing to blame except the
people who are doing this and it exists
and it's real and these are real people
and you know what we're just so lucky
that we have an all-volunteer military
with some of the greatest people that's
ever walked to face the planet who are
willing to go do this who are willing to
do it on on mining your behalf I mean
how cool is that it's pretty wild when
you think about it right does it it's a
complete volunteer army volunteer a
complete volunteer military these people
are willing to raise their right hand to
a piece of paper to an idea of democracy
go over they put their whole life on
hold their wives sacrifice I mean you
take military spouses and and they
sacrifice if not more than the people
for you know then the veterans and the
service members and they're they're
willing to go over and fight for mine
your freedom they've never met us but
they're willing to give their lives for
it like think about this I like I
challenge people who are listening to
this like what can you name one thing
right now that you're willing to give
your life for I think about that what
would you give your life for right now
like like like somebody pulled a gun out
you know you're gonna die what would you
give your life for I mean these people
are willing to go do it on an idea of
democracy on the idea of me and you on
the
d/f of good it's incredible it is
incredible you when you signed up how
old were you 17
you're 17 Wow had my 18th birthday in
boot camp no shit yeah
Wow so you can do that I didn't know I
didn't know you I thought you had to be
18 no no I graduated high school at 17
and my dad sign for me Oh someone can
sign for you yeah Wow and did you have
any other aspirations or was that
something that you knew you were gonna
do no I like honestly a Marine recruiter
chap told me I'd never make it as a
Marine and so I yeah yeah yeah well I
kitto vias well I could pick my lunch
room like I I don't have any cool
stories like oh I woke up and knew I was
gonna be a marine like you know I was
walking through the lunch room and this
Marine recruiter was there I started
asking him a lot of smart like smart
aleck questions and just you know being
a typical high school student and he's
like look you're wasting my time you'd
never make it as a Marine and you know
look how I was up for the challenge so I
I signed up that so him saying that was
what really sturdy yeah that was it Wow
I didn't even really know what the
Marine Corps was before that really what
did you think you were signing up for
you know I just told him I wanted to go
fight Wow yeah yeah holy smokes you know
but you think about that like our whole
life is built off decisions you know our
decisions our control we were we are
today we will read azov' to be because
we made the decisions up to this point
mmm like and that's a hard pill to
swallow - yeah it's variable right
there's there's some things that are out
of your control there are but but a lot
of it but a lot of it yeah you you can't
control situations and circumstances but
you can control how you take it
you can work control your response you
can control your response growing up
like that I mean you're growing up in
combat and you're growing up at 18 years
old I mean I was a fucking baby when I
was 18 yeah you're growing up in combat
I did it yeah I guess if you look at it
like that yeah
yeah and you are here now ten years
after what we were talking about yeah
and you said it still keeps you up yeah
I mean I wake up you know a couple a
couple nights a month and just you know
an anxiety attack throwing up I was
actually speaking last week I was on the
road it's the first time you know I
always like I'm always nervous like if
in the middle of night my daughter gets
scared or she you know she comes down
and gets in my bed like I'm always
really like nervous about that because
like I don't I would like you like it
was so I was so nervous about it because
I was just gosh I never want them to see
me in that in that that state right and
the other day we were on the road
I was speaking out in North Carolina and
she was obviously we're in a hotel so
she was staying with me and I I don't
know I didn't feel good that night so
what I did is I put a I put a pillow
between us and gosh I had I had one I
knocked my tooth off my knock my veneer
off like it was so terrible and she just
looked at me she's three and she just
looked at me and she said it's okay
daddy
you're not you're not a bad dad Wow and
we had three and I was like gosh you
know but yeah I mean you know you still
I mean this is that's that's why you
look at it and I see these people who
play these video games and they they get
nothing from like there's no emotional
attachment to it and it's like this
stuff's real like there's nobody who I
would go out on a limb and say there's
nobody who sees this stuff and they
don't you don't come back and deal with
it like it's it's a normal process to it
to being part of not normal situations
what kind of resources are available to
when you do come back like how do they
treat people that are suffering from
PTSD and well you got to be careful with
it right because I mean that the last
track you want to get on is all the the
pharmaceutical drugs right like the
pills and stuff and you'll get on that
real quick the VA is notorious for it so
you know we
what do they try to give you I mean I've
Kalaa depends NX I've been on tongue as
the blood pressure medicine I mean you
go down the list right and and I like I
went down that I went down that road and
and it got me nowhere but now you know
like we're you know there's tons of
nonprofits out there who are doing a lot
of great stuff trying trying to help out
you know we're it's one thing that we
found out and actually studies are
starting to show that this helps is it's
called a Stella Stella gang the ganglion
block
it's got sgb Stella ganglion block and
you get a shot it goes in your neck and
I'll tell you this like when I got that
shot it instantly before the needle came
out of my neck dr. Shaun Mulvaney is the
guy that's putting all this together
when the needle came out of my neck it
instantly took me from being like like
my whole life was downtown New York City
in rush hour traffic 15 minutes late to
a meeting that my life depended on to
instantly being driving down a quiet
country rail with nowhere to be real
instantly and so what is it doing so
basically what it does is is this is how
it was described to me and you have like
two systems you have like your your your
automatic nervous system and then you
have your manual right so your automatic
is like your eyes blinking breathing
things like that your manual is like hey
I need to reach over here and grab this
bottle of water and what happens is this
fight-or-flight gets stuck in your
automated like there's no longer do you
say I recognize this as a threat and now
I go into fight or flight so what it
does is you've been in that so long that
it put gets put over into the automatic
side and so what this does is it's kind
of like a restart like it there's no
nothing that lasts long in it it it goes
in and it basically I think it gets on
that's called the sciatic nerve and it
basically gives you a restart and it
just it took away all my anxiety just it
instantly like just melted it away how
long does it last so it comes down to I
mean
sometimes I get one one a year one every
six months but just comes down to do you
go back and expose yourself to these
chaotic situations right like do you go
keep making bad decisions but for me I
look at it as like a it's a it's a
solution to - I call it the flashbang of
anxiety so like it's that flashbang that
gives you the moment the separation to
where now I can make decisions that I
don't feel like I'm out of control now I
can I can make decisions to get get
things back together what is the actual
chemical that they're using I don't know
I would have to look he's got it
[Music]
that's crazy that it's so effective
using stellate ganglion block to treat
post-traumatic stress disorder yeah okay
make that a little bigger Jamie
post-traumatic stress disorder develops
in response to being exposed to extreme
stress - - - okay the sympathetic
nervous system fight-or-flight has been
known to play a part in PTSD it's
believed that extra nerves of the system
sprout or grow after extreme trauma Wow
leading to elevated levels levels of
norepinephrine and adrenaline like
substance which in turn over activates
amygdala the fear center of the brain
this chain of events results in PTSD
symptoms that may be that may persist
for years so a part of the sympathetic
nervous system called the stellate
ganglion a collective nerves and the
neck seems to control the activation of
the amygdala a recent innovation offers
potential and rapidly treating symptoms
of PTSD for a prolonged period of time
placing an anesthetic agent on the
stellate ganglion in an anesthetic
procedure called the stellate ganglion
block can relieve the symptoms of PTSD
as little as 30 minutes and for you it
said just a few seconds before the
needle is out and lasts for years
the SG B reboots the sympathetic nervous
system to its pre trauma state similar
to a computer reboot in the brain
norepinephrine levels are rapidly
reduced and the extra nerve growth is
removed Wow
SG b is the anesthetic procedure that
has been performed since 1925 and is
considered a low-risk pain procedure
done under x-ray guidance that's insane
yeah
they use a so dr. Shawn Mulvaney is the
guy I've been to other doctors and he's
dr. Mulvaney's the only guy I would go
to who does it the way he's got the
whole procedure set up he was a Navy
SEAL he's a doctor and he does it out of
DC and and but nobody you know most
people hadn't heard of this you know
I've never heard of this ya know and
it's uh I went in and he called me the
next day and he was like so how do you
feel I said man I caught myself singing
in the shower this morning
like I caught myself thinking I can't
River but I was like man I caught myself
singing in shower like I actually like I
walked out there and I and to me you
know I got to a point at that point like
I got to a low point and I just there
was nothing like there's nothing in my
life I can complain about like there's
nothing I have this country has given me
a life that I could have never dreamed
ever have I have no problems zero and I
just woke up every day and I was just
like I just don't want to wake up
feeling like this and so he's like come
do this come do this and I came out
there and did it and it it changed it
changed my whole life
that sounds infinitely better than
therapy or talking through it or any any
other methods I've ever heard of yeah
well I mean I think all that I think you
I think all that matters I think the
therapy like if you want to go do talk
therapy that's that's good like you you
should do that but I always tell people
who go to talk therapy like going there
with a plan of where you want your life
to be like it's like going to a
nutrition coach or a workout coaching
and not giving them goals right you know
don't go in there just to go in there
like go in there with a plan you know
hey how hot and have them help you get
to that plan
but this this is instantly just like
that doesn't credible now did they did
they try to do that in conjunction with
medication does it just a standalone
thing standalone thing Wow say my own
thing
you know the only thing I do to help
mine and my anxiety is like it can get
bad like I'm talking bad when you say
that like what happens like what's
what's the process you know I usually
building up over days yeah days like
it's almost like a like it'll come and
it just builds up and then it's like you
know you'll have like a little little
bit of an anxiety attack or whatever
you'll start feeling anxiety or anxious
and that becomes your new baseline mmm
and then it keeps building and people
don't recognize it and for a long time I
used to like I used to drink a lot and I
didn't because I didn't I didn't know
what anxiety was I mean I well what do
you mean like this is how I feel all the
time Brian and then you know then what
usually happens is at night you know
just when I go to sleep heito just it'll
rock me it'll rock me I'll start
throwing up I'll be sweating and I'll be
crying like I mean I'll be in the floor
now are you thinking things when this is
happening or is it just an overwhelming
sense of anxiety just oh just
all-encompassing
I just I don't know where it comes from
I mean obviously I know where it comes
from but you're thinking about war where
this is happening no no I think it just
in my subconscious I think you know
obviously your brain is always trying to
took like when you're asleep trying to
follow things and process things and I
think that's what happens is like
consciously you know you know
consciously it doesn't bother me to talk
about it like yeah I went back and when
I was in another gun fight four days
later and I mean literally I was packing
up all my teammates stuff and getting
ready to go back to fight again and I
got into another gunfight and I think
that you know coming home your brains
still trying to process all that stuff
and I think it happens to anybody don't
have to go to war you could be in a car
wreck I mean you look at you look at the
October 1st shooting in Vegas you know
you could you can go through anything
right like whatever it I think it's what
people are dealing with and it's just I
think that's why you see so much anxiety
across the world is because of all this
desensitization consciously and people
are processing it subconsciously mmm
that makes sense
that really makes sense that it's
they're taking in all this information I
think it's not affecting them at all but
it really is it is and I think that's
why you see all these people feeling
like their lives are out of control and
it's because
consciously like we're not sitting there
talking about it like well yeah yeah
you're not seeing a car wreck the other
day or you know so-and-so died or you
know what I mean and it's like they're
not ever processing it consciously but
their body will sub core body will I
always say you can either exorcise your
demons or they're gonna exorcise you
that's a great way to prove it now what
do they recommend when when when you I
mean do they check on you to see if you
are having anxiety or do you have to
come to them and explain it yeah I mean
you you just you go to them does anybody
get through it without anxiety I'm not
like I would worry about the people that
got through it without it I mean if you
can go kill people without nightmares or
anything you know but I think I think
some people do I mean I think I think
people just deal with it different ways
right but me you know like I used to
drink a lot and and but I was doing it
not because I was an alcoholic I was
doing it as a I just I had rather I
could regulate my drinking better than I
could the effects of what medicine would
do to me now do the Marines have a
system that they will they check on you
and make sure you're okay or died you
into a specific type of treatment when
they know there's something wrong yeah
yeah but you know the problem is for all
these war fighters is like they don't
want to go talk about it
or tell the Marine Corps because then
they're you know you're you're or the
military I'll just say military wide you
know they they they look at you as well
now this person can't operate everybody
everybody's too worried to talk about
this because they're afraid of not being
able to do their job because they're
afraid that somebody will look at them
and say oh well you got PTSD so you
don't need a gun and it's like you know
most people that have PTSD are car wreck
victims really yeah that's the biggest
source of PTSD you can you can google it
see the biggest source of PTSD is car
wreck victims Wow most probably a lot of
those right at tons of them yeah so when
you do have an issue how do you go from
having an issue - getting treatment
what's the process oh you mean if you if
you if you tell your command I mean you
know there's there's all types of
resources there I mean you don't but you
have to speak out yeah that's the
problem right that's the problem is
nobody wants to talk out because you
know you start talking then you know how
quick your job going to be gone you know
I got out I was out before you know I
was out so fast after after all this
happened I was out you know seven or
eight months afterwards and I didn't
realize what was going on until I
probably never started dealing with my
PTSD until 2016 you know I just I
thought this was just normal
what made you change you know what my
daughter's my daughter and sailor I can
remember the day I was in the I was
actually in the floor like just having
an anxiety attack like crazy and I was
like I gotta do something I've got to do
something because my daughter's they
deserve the best father possible like
they like they had no choice in coming
in this world and you know I might not
want to I might not want to deal with it
and face it for myself but I they
deserve for me to wake up every single
day and give them the best father that
they could possibly have and and that
that is my responsibility to them is
that when you first got this shot this
block so I ended up getting it in 2017
yeah 2017 I think and I didn't know
anything about it until you know once I
found out about it I did how did you
find out about it just another another
warrior that had gotten it and it worked
for them Wow and I also use so I use I
use three methods to maintain all of it
I use the Stella ganglion block which is
it's kind of when it gets real bad I'll
go get that that's like the whole reboot
right for maintenance I usually use it's
called an alpha stem and so it goes on
your earlobes I've heard of that and
people quit smoking with that right I
don't know about I don't know about that
we're usually for pain anxiety
depression but I used I use an alpha
stamina it goes I put on clipping on my
ears
and it like I usually do it every day
and it just it melts it melts it away as
well and then the last piece is is and
this is not obviously in our community
it's probably not the popular side of it
is is is using a pan at night you know
yeah yeah yeah do you CBD so T it's it's
the thing in indica mm-hmm yeah and that
like that pretty much eliminated all my
drinking really yeah why is that not
popular I don't know I think it's kind
of like still like the taboo right like
the town I come from they just made
alcohol legal in it what a few years ago
can't a Columbia Kentucky that's crazy
they just made alcohol legal yeah Wow
that's a good place to study that's like
a uncontacted tribe yeah well you know
you're like if you if you do if you make
it legal the bootleggers will go out of
business right yeah oh okay
it's Dukes of Hazzard style yeah that's
crazy
yeah Wow just alcohol legal holy shit so
yeah vape pens are out of the question
oh yeah and show up with a pot leaf
t-shirt they'll shoot you oh listen yeah
that's so crazy yeah that's yeah it's a
it's a weird taboo but that that
combination particularly like indica it
helps a lot of veterans yeah the indica
is like it's it's you know you you you
take like two or three to three puffs of
that and it nice conk out really you
don't wake up with a hangover right
that's the cool part of it yeah it's a
different kind of sleep and CBD has some
great benefits for people as well and
alleviating anxiety a lot of people like
to use the two of them in conjunction
you know but it's at least it's good
that that's available to you yeah where
are you living these days I live in
Austin oh okay so you can get it there
yeah all right
it's not if it's legal it's not legal
right it's not no yeah but it's still
there
yeah still there Austin's filled with
hippies it's the weirdest place in off
Texas right they are they're keeping it
weird they definitely keep it weird
weird combination because it's like
hippies but there's also a lot of guns
yeah like it's like you know I mean it's
like a hunting culture and a second
amendment culture and there's like a lot
going on there and then hippies it's
like you want to it's like it's like
people wearing fanny packs with guns I
don't yes yeah yeah man yeah you see a
guy with a fanny pack in Texas assume
yes assume he's carrying that's a
different animal and Arizona's even
weirder like Arizona as well as
open-carry States right yeah you just
have it on your hip and go to the
supermarket yeah all right yeah whatever
yeah right you know that you know when
you when you carried on your hip and go
supermarket I mean that's obviously the
first person that they would shoot they
should shoot right right right like okay
well I know he's armed so let's let's go
ahead and make sure we yeah right I
think people think of it as a deterrent
but sometimes deterrence were also
attractants absolutely yeah well at
least you can get a vape pen there you
know yeah while you're in town
I suggest you stock up everywhere
California's got too much you know it
was what did you just read about the
company that's uh that's got a bunch of
fucking pesticides and shit and their
stuff pesticide yeah they just tested it
they just tested some shit that we used
to have in the studio but Jimmy went and
threw it out that's the real problem
with this is wild wild west out here and
you know you're unless you're testing
things on a regular basis you might be
selling something I had a guy named John
Norris who wrote a book called the
hidden war and the book is all about how
he was game warden and during his normal
duties like looking for you know making
sure that people aren't over fishing or
hunting without a license that kind of
stuff they started finding these cartel
grow-ops and these cartel grow-ops are
extremely the the weed that they're
putting out is extremely dangerous
because it's got these super toxic
pesticides to keep animals away and to
keep bugs away and so they're putting
this shit on weed then that stuff winds
up getting to the hands of people pratik
in other parts of the country where it's
illegal and it's just filled with
pesticides and you know you can get sick
from that stuff and people can get real
sick from it
that's terrible fine Jim yeah they had a
petrol solvent extraction there's some
EC other such areas oh okay the wrong
part so California vape maker cushy
punch caught making illegal products dun
dun dun tip this is in what is the
website here this legally so it's like a
weed website weed website so what does
it say the tip what Consumer Affairs
served a warrant prompted by a tip
investigators at the California
Department of Consumer Affairs served a
search warrant Thursday October the 3rd
in a light industrial space North West
Los Angeles Canoga Park District that's
over here they found an illegal cannabis
product manufacturing operation
apparently operated by cushy punch a
legal state licensed company authorities
seized a number of finished products
including gummies in the cushy punch
packaging and disposable vaporizers in
cushy vape packaging and photos obtained
by Leafly the facility appeared to be
performing petrol solvent extractions
where a technician concentrates the
active ingredients in cannabis THC
petrol solvent extracting is legal with
a permit in California the extraction
method can sometimes have the effect of
concentrating pesticides along with the
THC but it says it's legal hold on
scroll back up Jamie yeah that part did
say it was legal so it said it's legal
with a permit in California so the
problem was that they didn't have a
permit I think maybe this place that
they went to didn't have a permit
edibles and vape cartridges seized don
don don San Fernando Valley facility
appeared to be in the business of
putting those extracts into
professional-looking THC foods as well
as disposable vape pen cartridges tall
file cabinets helped thousands of boxes
of Cushi vape pens and cushy punch
edibles I don't understand this because
it says it's legal that you can source
familiar with because you punch a cue is
the adult use licensee of maintaining
two facilities one licensed and one
black mark
okay Leafly is granting the sources
request for anonymity well it could have
actually been used using the packaging
maybe - - you know packaged some stuff
that was well it seems like they have
one license at one place and the other
place not source alleges of the cannabis
that tested clean went through cushy
punches licensed facility and into the
license supply change the source also
says the cannabis might fail the state's
stringent pesticide standards went to
the illicit extraction lab pen Factory
okay so some of it but it doesn't say it
did fail it says they're using that so
they were using untested black market
oil this is heavy and pesticide know
something got tested was a federal
legalization solve all this shit that's
what they should do federal legalization
and nationwide standards you know make
it make it so it's it's stupid to gross
shit illegally yeah you know yeah make
it to where it's not uh he was a great
South Park episode I was watching about
this it's fucking hilarious the new one
yeah yeah with the Mexican Joker okay
see that one I didn't I heard they're
new episodes they're really good this
year
max it's fucking hilarious they this guy
gets pissed because other people are
growing we he's got a weed operation and
he's given people weed and everybody's
happy and selling weed and doing great
but then people start growing their own
wheat and he gets furious and said you
stole my fucking idea he's like you
can't grow weed well I thought I was
gardening but I mean that is the problem
and it's fucking it's easy to grow weed
yeah there's the Mexican Joker the
problem is that was that was a different
part of the episode the the B story was
that cart man called ice on on his
friends because he just just like he
found out that you could just call Isis
and like have people suspected so he
called it on Kyle and had Kyle fucking
arrested and his whole family arrest is
lying there man Cartman I think Cartman
got arrested himself it was so
ridiculous with what they were worried
about was one of the Mexican kids
growing
to become the Mexican choker this is
taking like and killing everybody so
they had like like an ice agent I'm
giving away a lot of spoilers it's worth
seeing though it's fucking home it's
just so ridiculous that's funny yeah
which it's just so ridiculous when you
find out like but you can grow your own
weed that's the point but you can't
legally federally and you should be able
to it's fucking stupid it's stupid yeah
well especially when it helps cops and
firemen and first responders and
soldiers and so it helps a lot of people
man look at how much money we spent
trying to fight it yeah yeah that's the
problem though there's a business that
trying to fight it you know particularly
like the prison guard unions they always
fight against it there's a lot of people
actually fight against legalization
which is it's a pretty unamerican thing
to do we got that restaurant that just
opened up in Hollywood you can smoke
weed at now that restaurant can go fuck
itself I'm not going anywhere near that
place smoke a little weed at home go to
a regular goddamn restaurant people
zoned out of there fucking bombs at the
table imagine I can't everybody can't
imagine the conversations are probably
real stupid everybody forgets what
they're talking about
it's these are rookies you can't be
smoking that much weed with rookies
showing up at these buildings where you
got restaurants filled with people
smoking weed that's a recipe for a
disaster they have to make you order
before you smoke too so I don't remember
what you ordered ten minutes ago yeah
it's all those public places like people
are used to getting drunk in public
they're used to go to a bar you can have
a couple of drinks you're fine right
two three drinks you're fine you're just
you with a little tipsy yeah you're fine
but you could have a fucking psychotic
spiral did you have a pot edible at some
establishment we've all seen people lose
their marbles especially if you got some
rookie from out of town like comes over
from South Dakota I can't believe you
guys have free weed what is that what is
that cheap at you and they chew that
thing in an hour later you try to peel
them off
like what happened to Jake ah the
fucking guys still hi it's 48 hours
later I don't know what's going for that
and though in the back like the drunk
tank in jail but you had like you music
they just play the Carpenters and then
just burn incense for you and just try
to bring you down slow down you're gonna
be fine but I'm not yeah it's it's too
risky
like I want restaurants where people are
there straight everybody's fine
order a steak regular restaurant people
are getting loaded in those two those no
bar well they go getting no no chicken
yeah but for some reason I feel like
that doesn't bother me as much as we
used to it yeah yeah that's true just
used to it right like do you remember
when you were a kid when you first got
drunk like how old when you first got
drunk were you in the military when you
got out before yeah but you remember
when you first try it you don't first of
all no one's there with you it's not
like you're your dad or your uncle's
going here you have two shots that's it
no you're drinking with your friends and
you don't know how far to go and so I
remember throwing up in the cab
I was drinking Jack Daniels with my
friends we were listening to music and I
remember I was laying I was like in a
beanbag I was 14 I was laying in this
beanbag looking up in the whole fucking
world sitting up like this is ridiculous
I gotta get out of here and I call the
cab to take me home and I threw up in
the cab I was like oh my god I didn't
know how to do it I didn't know how to
do it nobody taught you how to do it now
you just wind up figuring out with your
friend you're just lucky if you don't
drink yourself to death it's just luck
it's pure luck yeah I was 14 probably
134 pounds look shake it like a fish had
no idea what I was doing you know
probably had five six drinks plastered
plastered yeah it's terrible but we're
used to that by the time word yeah but
you'd go out with someone in the 28 if
they don't know how to drink get rid of
them don't hang out with them yeah you
know I remember when I first moved to LA
I was like 27 I wanted a date with this
gal first date was great second date I
met her at a bar and when I met her
there she was shush-shush shit-faced
just shit-faced stumbling
off the fucking like off the stool
couldn't keep her shit together drop the
glass broke I was like I'm adding see I
left her at the bars I'd fuck this so
you go stood her yes yeah that was the
glorious days when no one had cell
phones ah beautiful time to be alive
yeah she had to call my house
good luck bitch she didn't have a cell
phone
very few people had cell phones in 94
you know very few people there's nobody
huh I mean I had one I had a Motorola
StarTAC it was like big fat boy will
last like you talk on it for 13 minutes
for it ran out of batteries it had an
antenna you pulled the antenna up click
click you remember those things you
thought you were Captain Kirk with those
bad boys yeah yeah I was six yeah yeah
man 94 we're six oh six yeah that's when
I first moved here
click click hello hold it up here like
detachable battery you get the fat
battery you get an extra 40 minutes of
talking did you keep your word you keep
it out how'd you carry it around I don't
remember I probably had one of them
holsters on the side cuz it's too thick
for your pockets yeah I can't keep that
fucking fat bastard in your pocket I
remember when the razor phone came out
everybody was a holy shit we're in the
future it's a credit card
yeah I found a credit card that was the
shit that little thing so small but then
that was like six minutes of talking
yeah yeah that's a and nobody had a cord
you couldn't like it wasn't like today
like hey you got a charger like most
people have iPhones or androids it's
either USBC or it's lightning most
people have chargers somewhere right
yeah especially iPhones in America back
then if you didn't have a charge you're
fucked you can go to a rep nobody has a
goddamn cable at a restaurant for your
fucked up cell phone it didn't exist it
didn't exist most people didn't even
have cell phones until like to that like
when did you get a cell phone for the
first time 17 or 18 like my senior year
high school it's like mm yeah like mm -
somewhere on there yeah I had one in 94
I actually had one in 88 I had one that
was attached to my car it was like a mom
like a little
had the court on it yeah well sort it
was actually bolted into the car it was
in the center like look dope like a pep
he driving around with a Honda CRX and
it was like right there in the middle of
the seats like the phone but it was it
helped me because I used to get gigs
because like booking agents like if
someone couldn't make a gig or they
needed to somebody fell out I got sick
they would call me I actually had a
phone so I was in my car they'd call me
up and I got a number of gigs bajas I
had this fucking cell phone were you in
the right age where you had pager codes
oh yeah you know that pager was Joey
Diaz forever deep into the 2000s and he
would if he owed people money or if he
didn't like talk to me just throw us
page or what eh I got a new pager dog
cuz he had to call you back so he would
call you back from just random phone
numbers you know I'm going to the pager
the pager a little bit but then what
happened was some people got pagers that
could send text messages I was gonna say
at first they expanded it to like you
could get sports updates for summer like
everyone needed to get sports scores all
day long and like I paid an extra five
bucks a month but I remember I was at
the Comedy Store in the back kitchen
area and one of the people that worked
there had a pain he was a comic I don't
remember but they had a pager with a
keyboard like what the fuck is that and
like you could send people messages like
no like yeah like if you're at a club
you can send them a message and they can
know where you are I was like that is
crazy like that's great you're sending
messages and I remember thinking I
should probably get one of those but
then I never got around to doing it but
people were they had pager this is what
before everybody had cell phones they
had pagers that you could type messages
on that blood Venn diagram bleed over
into the next help oh yeah walkie-talkie
this Eddie Bravo very close time period
I would always give him shit I'm like
you have a phone why the fuck would you
put a walkie-talkie on a phone a phone's
better than a walkie-talkie like why I
put smoke screens on how about you know
have a drum signals
this is stupid smoke signals in your
phone here that sounds everywhere it's
probably everywhere yeah you don't have
to say over a phones better
you know what to say over you know
things like you're gonna have one person
who talked at a time and the other thing
about the walkie-talkie was I was like
okay can someone listen like do you have
to press the button or could someone
just listen that was the concern like
you know like your girl could call you
and just listen you're talking shit with
your friends yeah I had a thought the
other day - this is a 90s thing maybe
you might remember this - when you would
turn on your home self wireless phone
sometimes you just hear your neighbors
talking oh yeah they couldn't hear you
just like yeah so where I lived that we
didn't have neighbors close enough I
remembered that clearly when I was
living in an apartment I heard your
neighbor talking to it like a sock but I
would hear their whole conversation that
was like you picked up on there a
frickin wire yeah the wireless they just
got yeah that was what bad
there was no encryption back there yeah
you said to have a fucking antenna yeah
those days simpler days but at least
people for the most part we're talking
to each other face to face to face that
was the vast majority of communication
was face to face now I would venture to
say it's flipped on its head and the
vast majority of communication is
probably through text messages 100% I
mean text messages emails I mean people
can build their own reality now right
like like I can never you never have to
look at me and I can build my own
reality through Instagram Facebook
through all the social media I mean
literally I can build my own filter yeah
life can be filtered sure like and
people don't want to look in the mirror
of unfiltered realness yeah yeah they
just want to be in a bubble communicate
with people that have like-minded views
make their own reality yeah yeah you
know it is a is a extremely strange time
when it comes to the way people
communicate with each other and there's
no accountability right like you
communicate through those things like
you can say whatever you want there's no
accountability there's no accountability
for for what you say to people for for
you know the shit you talk to people
there's no accountability because I can
just hide behind a computer screen I can
hide behind a screen I can hide behind
my Instagram profile I you can't you
can't
I mean you can't see me you know how
people can like your posts like to put a
little heart they like to post imagine
if they give you electric shock Oh like
like follow the people if people thought
your cuts there's like a little
lightning bolt next to the next to the
heart dick I'm glad they don't because
in that I'd probably get more of them we
all would I'd probably be dead shocked
to death
I mean you imagine if someone could just
reach out and shock you anytime they
want Oh that'd be terrible it'll be
fucking terrible but I mean the
emotional pain that people cause anytime
they want where they could just reach
out and say something terrible to people
especially people doing through
anonymous accounts oh that's the worst I
know what and it's like people you're
saying this to like they're real people
yes they're real people like the people
that you're judging the people that
you're that you're criticizing their
lives that the media chooses to put out
there like they're real people going
through real problems - do you think
that you have and this is going to be a
crazy question but do you think you have
more of an appreciation for life because
you've taken life I think that I have
more appreciation for people in life
because I have seen I have seen what
suffering looks like I have felt
suffering like when I look at people and
people have their problems and they come
to me or they say they you know hey they
tell me their experience you know I
don't try to compare the experiences
like it's not a it's not a game it's not
a it's not a you know it's not a song
contest
it's not a contest I try to look at them
and when they tell me their experience I
just instantly go - oh gosh like I know
this person's suffering how can I help
them get through it because I know what
that feels like and that's where I can
you know I try to relate to people on
that level of not that not to experience
because look I look at people yeah my
day
it sucked people going through way way
worse million times worse you know you
look it you know sexual assault victims
you look at you know you look at
domestic violence victims I feel like
they've gone through way worse than I
could ever experience
right like they've gone through just
this stuff in their PTSD thing it's
astronomical but it's like we can all
find a way to relate on that empathetic
side of gosh you're going through
something like let me help you get
through that like if I can help you get
through that I want to help you get
through that and I think that I've I
know what it's like to suffer and I've
seen suffering at such extreme levels
that I appreciate I just want to help
people I just want to change the world
what do you do with your days most of
time these days so I do a lot of public
speaking um I work with I work with
hiring our heroes with helping veterans
transition back getting getting jobs in
Toyota and you know I'm also I'm
launching a website on on the dash so
I'm on the dash is kind of like it's
kind of like my it's my brand of what I
believe in of owning your - you know - -
so Linda Ellis wrote a poem it's called
the dash and so she talks about you know
on your tombstone you have the day you
were born and the day you die which are
two of the most insignificant days of
your life
they're both the only two days in your
life that aren't 24 hours but what
matters is that - in between and you
don't have control of the day you're
born or the third of the day you die but
you have control of what that - looks
like and how you made people feel and
how they're going to remember you the
day that you're gone you have that
control every day and so I'm all about
owning your - owned your dice - be the
best you don't try to be the best
somebody else be the best you wake up
every day and and put it all on the
table and put it into making people's
lives better and so I'm I have I'm
launching the site - where it's like
it's helping people empowering people to
owning their - to being okay with being
the best deal I think people want to be
the best time I think people want to be
positive I just don't think people have
anybody showing them how to do it I
think there's a lot of truth to that I
think there's a lot of people that are
frustrated because they really don't
know how to live life in a positive way
and they're spinning their wheels too
many people are out there people out
there
throughout their surviving instead of
succeeding they're just surviving and
you said Toyota with higher for Heroes a
sort tire he was is that yeah so I
teamed up with Toyota when I got out
mean Toyota has been they they you know
everybody Toyota has just been so
incredible but we I teamed up with
Toyota in the US Chamber of Commerce and
so we built this platform
it's a resume engine so basically it
helps veterans translate what they did
in the military to what corporate you
know what corporations are looking for
and so Toyota just sponsors this mmm
that's awesome yeah and so that's most
your times these yeah I'm geeking
engagements and then I have a campus
company flipside campus so we we
basically do digital art and we also
that's why you were asking about yeah
images that we have yeah so we have flip
side canvas so we do digital art and we
put it up on different media types so we
do in fused metal we do canvas and we
also do floated paper did we order those
things already I was gonna ask Oh
perfect yeah we'll do it through you
yeah yeah we're getting a bunch of shit
made right we're about to just now yeah
we love it you know so I do that and and
then also you know we just I was telling
you earlier you know we just launched
you know discipline go with Jocko right
I've got the I've got a signature flavor
coming out called back savage oh wow so
this is Jacko's energy drink yeah we
were just talking about this chocolate
should not have of got he drinks tea
drinks like herb tea if you could just
bottle up Jacquizz energy right if you
could just bottle up Jacko's energy and
pass it out he's an interesting dude but
the world's better that he's alive
everything people like that
first of all they're a tremendous source
of him from inspiration and information
yeah but inspiration particularly
important because he leads by example
and what he does with his life what he
does with his days you know I ki took an
image the other day on his Instagram of
the sunset and it's like this is finite
yeah you know go get it go get it on a
few of these you know you don't get many
and he does it so simple to write yeah
like everything like it ain't
complicated yeah it's simple it's to the
point we played his video good I played
up probably fifty fucking times in this
podcast cuz I love it so much it's a
video where he's talking about his
response to anything that goes wrong
good here's a chance to grow good
learned you know and there's like this
this video and it's so intense because
it's so it's there's there's great music
and animation to it and the videos on
YouTube I've literally watched it a
hundred times
yeah then when I got you know when I get
my hardest times out like that's what I
watch I watched that good video like
it's done so much for me the video is
amazing it's amazing like it just it
just puts in perspective it's like I
don't know what is it two minutes long
yeah and it like that two minutes it
like you just if you're driving down the
road like you just want to like
afterwards you just want to kick your
windshield out like yeah right it's you
will do this it's fuel its inspiration I
mean it makes your fucking hackles
raised up you gives you goosebumps yeah
it makes you want to go it makes you
want to go yeah it makes you just want
to it's it's it just makes you want to
go that's why guys like Jocko tim
kennedy and david Goggins and these
fucking dudes that are out there that
provides so much inspiration yeah myron
Goggins he said that he did the one the
other day he's out there running and he
said I don't know how I'll slaughter but
he goes uh you know he goes it's hot out
here and he goes this guy pulled up to
me and he said he said something about
you know why you running it's so hot and
he's like you know we need doctors we
need lawyers and we also need hard
motherfuckers he sends me random text
messages out of nowhere he's so fucking
savage man but he means it like he sends
you these these text messages and I get
I'm just randomly mm-hmm like here's one
no need to respond hope all's well
brother continue to live in the grip of
life as you know nothing gets done by
being a bitch stay hard brother it's a
random David context Reza is
Tuesday I'm at home just watching TV or
something I get this message like what
the fuck Jesus Christ and you know he's
out there it's probably 115 degrees
outside he's been running for 18 hours
yeah those guys are a massive source of
inspiration they are they are then you
know what and like I I just love them
all so much because they're real yes
like they're just they're real like it's
not an act it's not a performance right
it's not a it's not a show it's not you
know they're just they wake up every day
especially you know Jocko like yeah
wakes up every day Tim Kennedy I mean
these guys just wake up every day and
live everything that they say yeah and
Jaco wakes up every day and takes a
picture of his fucking watch he does
like 30 bitch here we go that's not
that's not the way that you know
somebody like me would do it is like I
would take like ten of them ten of them
in one day and then I would put them on
HootSuite and they would come out one
day you wake up at 4:30 yeah that's just
that it's just that you know but they
crush it and that's why you know the
world needs the world needs them the
world does and also people with the kind
of experiences that they've had their
their their inspiration means more you
know there's a lot of people out there
giving inspiration but they haven't done
shit when you get inspiration from
someone that you know is living it every
goddamn day yeah you know pushing it
every goddamn day pushing every day and
like finding like you know they got
every reason to not do it but they
always find the reason to do it yeah
Jacko's recently gotten into bowhunting
now how is that how is that blowing with
him it was great well I wasn't hunting
with him I was in camp with him he was
hunting with my friend John Dudley who's
who coached me and has helped me and
he's coaching he coached Jaco to his
first elk and you know so but we all got
to share camp and talk we did a podcast
together it's available on knock on
archery and it's also available on my
brother Andy stumps podcast which is
cleared hot look Andy I love Andy too
he's a shit he was in tent camp as well
mm-hmm and we
we were there for five days in Utah we
had a great fucking time
it was awesome that's awesome it's
gorgeous up there man
god it's so beautiful and he's an
awesome dude - he's crazy he's
legitimately crazy yeah anybody who has
the world record for the longest flight
suit in one of them flying squirrel
fucking sense that guy's out of his
fucking mind but he doesn't do the
flying squirrel suit anymore he doesn't
know nobody died boys had several but
yeah a one too many I believe and then
BASE jumping he's got a bunch of friends
died did he quit mission yes he's still
skydiving yeah no more BASE jumping
we're supposed to go out together I
Scott I have a lot too so I love it i
don'ts kind of I mean I'm not nowhere
near Andy stump dude that looks like a
ridiculous thing to do I don't get it
but I was just in a hot air balloon
recently as close as I get skydiving
yeah yeah you wouldn't do it come on
I mean I definitely would do it but I
don't want to jump out of a goddamn
plane I would do it yeah if I had to do
it I would do it but I don't you won't
volunteer to do it well it's just some
crazy thrill look we're almost gonna die
and then we landed oh I can imagine that
a lie in bed and close my eyes and
pretend I'm jumping out of a plane I'm
good you're good yeah he but Andy like
that's not enough he's got to get in
that goddamn for squirrel suit and then
fly close too close to all those you
know yeah and you can calculate that
shit wrong if you don't know every
goddamn nuance of the surface of the
earth or just like the wind oh yeah well
how about that I mean there was one that
we played on this podcast it's
horrendous where a guy was trying to
bridge the gap through the Golden Gate
Bridge and he slams into the bridge all
these people are watching oh oh my god
oh my god and the sound oh when it hits
the bridge it's like a car accident that
sounds terrible oh my god it's so
terrible cuz you realize that people are
realizing this guy's gonna hit the
bridge cuz he just you know you're
floating yeah it's not like you have
like controls you're just kind of
guessing and it's like you guessed wrong
slam right into the side of the bridge
it's horrific yeah if it's all about
guessing then I'm not usually good at
guessing no not interested man the one
of the greatest jujitsu guys of all time
holes Gracie
he died of skydiving nice guy what's
that called what's it called when you're
on the thing paragliding yeah the you
know the triangle thing and flying
around those things that's how you dance
oh yeah he died slamming into a mountain
Wow
yeah I haven't talked yeah yeah yeah but
against he's goddamn savages it can't
get enough adrenaline Andy I love it
I love Andy Andy Andy's like I blame him
for me getting into it you know you got
I was interested in it and I did it I
love it though I love it
he's gotten a couple of friends of mine
into it goddamn psycho yeah he I keep he
told me told me though that I can't
he said no BASE jumping he did tell me
that he's like no jumpin he's like don't
don't don't be BASE jumping yeah that
one doesn't work out all the time it
doesn't does it no no those times it
doesn't work out and when it doesn't
work out it's terrible yeah it's I just
I get it
but those things those cheap thrills you
know it seems like a cheap thrill I get
it I get it I mean I'm not telling
anybody they shouldn't do it it
definitely should be legal I'm not
saying it should be like you should be
able to do it for sure you should do it
fuck that
[Laughter]
so you're not even on the fan not
interested come on what else you doin
your time these days that's it raising
my daughters
you know I got two and three year old
and they're awesome that's always fun
yeah man fly my helicopter
you got a helicopter yeah so I got holy
shit my buddy my buddy Tim Tim Tims
introduced me to a guy named Shane
Steiner and he got me into he got me
into flying so I love it like I'm
addicted it
I love it it makes my life a lot easier
I mean it also whenever I you know if I
go to Dallas or Houston or it's a
difference in me getting home that
versus me staying another night and not
being able to wake up you know in the
same house as my kids right so it's I
love it I love it that's pretty cool man
I've been up in them before I was in
them in Hawaii I've flown them in them
when you do the tour of the volcanoes
yeah and then recently my friend bill
burr he's gotten really into flying
helicopters and he took me up when we
flew around downtown LA and oh it was
crazy we went around Malibu after the
fires to just we should see it from the
surface or from the sky rather you get a
totally different perspective of like
how bad the damage was but yeah he loves
it he flies all over the place I love it
yeah I love it
it seems like a lot of fun yeah you come
to Austin we're gonna fly around and
fuck that no I should be taking my I
should be taking my so you know if I do
anything like I just you yeah that's me
right oh yeah so did you buy this thing
you bought a plane holy shit yeah I mean
a helicopter that's ultimate freedom
though right oh my gosh you know
wherever the hell you want and I land in
a small area
yeah like sometimes you just you're
flying over you're flying over the like
Lake Travis mmm and just like you know
eight to ten feet off the off the water
and it's like the other Shane right
there and today's his birthday actually
happy birthday shine that's pretty dope
that was the day as day I did my first
solo oh wow hasn't the first how far did
you fly so basically you just go up and
you do three takeoffs and landings so
that's his helicopter over there so oh
okay the red one the background yeah
we're starting her we're starting
helicopter club you know oh really yeah
Hailey's Angels have you been hella
hunting but I have I have you yeah I've
watched Ted Nugent there's a show that
they did call the pork lips now the pork
what are you saying Ted Nugent hanging
out of a helicopter gunning down these
wild pigs yeah and people who don't know
it's really actually a necessary evil
because these wild pigs in Texas in
particular if they've overrun the state
there it is yes okay a poor clip
it's so ridiculous that he's just taking
about ting ting I think I mean there's
so many of them yeah it has to be done
it does have to be done it's fucking
crazy the video is goddamn crazy you got
to see him doing reload and they're just
gunning these pigs down from the sky and
that's doing a talk Brian Krakow's pig
man he's got a show called pig man yeah
that's in the same type helicopter I
think it's r44 yeah there is a fucking
crazy video man it's so crazy
they shot I think something like 250
hogs in a day oh my god just flying
around gunning them down that's a lot of
bacon a lot of barbecue I did yeah they
just round them up and they actually
feed the homeless with them the the
thing about pigs is they're destructive
and they're terrible and they're
terrible for the ranches and they're
terrible for these farms but they're
damn delicious
they are so if you especially those the
wild ones actually tastes better than
domestic pigs it's a far superior meat
but it's you know yeah a lot of times
how you get to them and they're all
nasty that I eat up with stuff that can
happen to infected like you know cuz
they eat everything but they'll come in
like a big ol tear up like and it's
crazy how fast they reproduce right like
I think I think it's like a pig
gestation so I think after a pig is born
I don't know how long it is when they
but when they after they you know they
they have their first litter like it's
like every I don't know six months or if
it's six weeks I don't know what the
thing they didn't have their first
litter at six months yeah and then I
think it only takes him like I don't
know how it is but like usually after
they have their litter they're pregnant
the next day that's crazy like it's like
there's this whole gestation period of
why they reproduce so much right and
that's the problem with them of you know
they're they're everywhere in Texas
they're everywhere in California now -
they're in San Jose and people's front
yards chewing up their grass and stuff
and they're all over the place man what
do they do what do they do about them
out here and there Frank well you could
hunt them the place where I'm hunting
elk you can hunt pigs as Tejon ranch and
there's you know in Northern California
mean it's a famous place where Hunter
Thompson used to hunt with ak-47s used
to go out and hunt pigs as
a famous picture of him with a pig
hanging from a rope that he's uh he's
quartering you know gutting it's so
awesome yeah it's uh they were brought
to California by William Randolph Hearst
believe it or not really yeah you know
we had Hearst Palace up there and a
Hearst Castle and he wanted to bring a
bunch of wild animals up there so you
had all these wild animals running
around I was long and some of them were
Russian Boris so he brought over these
Russian boars and sows and they bred and
now there are all of the artists danner
they are particularly northern
california they get about as far south
as Bakersfield the Bakersfield area but
eventually they're probably got to make
their way to the San Fernando Valley
they'll probably link up probably just
keep going and link up in Texas probably
you know but they're fucking everywhere
man
people don't know if you've never seen
it before you like people on the outside
of like oh why would want to shoot pigs
but if you just saw the kind of
devastation and millions and millions of
dollars worth of property damage every
year fans farmers and for farmers like
they're on a tight margin as it is you
know if you're a farmer or rancher you
trying to grow crops it's tough to make
a living and you're you know you got to
worry about weather and everything else
much less pigs millions of pigs to
millions yeah I mean people like wait a
minute millions exaggerating no millions
I think the estimate what is find out
this what's the number of wild hogs
estimated in Texas just in Texas alone I
would bet let's take a guess I'm gonna
say four million yeah I'd go higher I go
five five what does it say Jamie 1.5
know they don't know shit Liberals yeah
damn hippies is that real that's what it
says discover my website Texas
government they're corrupt yeah it's the
government you can't believe it also Ted
Nugent's out there it's probably
probably fifteen million if it wasn't
for him got Ted Nugent he's awesome he's
funny he's an interesting cat I enjoyed
talking to him I had him on the podcast
and a lot of people he's a polarizing
character you know but they I don't
think people understand them
to him he's actually a very good man
like it's a good guy he's got this
outrageous side to him he says a bunch
of outrageous shit but that's also part
of the way he gets attention for some of
the things that he believes in you know
I don't think he's a bad guy at all I
mean you gotta make a statement to get
people to pay attention right yeah and
also you got to realize like this guy's
been fighting the same fight for a long
time in regards to hunting rights for a
long long time back when people didn't
really have the the same information
that they have today like now today
people can understand like Oh
conservation is actually very important
and it's important to remove certain
numbers of the population of these
animals and also the money that you
spend on these tags and on hunting
licenses and even on gear a percentage
of that goes towards protecting habitat
and hiring game wardens and it's a it's
a very efficient system and it's it's a
system that's actually managed by
wildlife biologists yeah yeah I mean
it's a system that's but you know very
managed you know I like just like an
Alaska like they're getting their game
wardens up there I mean it seems like if
you pit you know if you killed a moose
or you you fished with the wrong thing
you know the wrong hook yeah it's more
important than if you know somebody got
killed or something you know what
somebody told me though which is
interesting you know they have that game
wardens TV show they you know there's
like a show about game wardens and
somebody was telling me that game
wardens are like some unscrupulous game
wardens are actually setting guys up
just so they could be on these shows oh
really
yeah they're trying to set up stings and
set up these things just so they could
be on the shows and they might even be
in trapping people they I know like
where I was from like they would put
this deer out it's like that you know if
you get in trouble shoot you know if you
can't shoot from the road and they put
that camera on it I could film people
trying to kill it yeah that's hilarious
yeah yeah get you yeah he's had to watch
out get a little watch off a robo deer
yeah make sure it's a real deer yeah
moves its head and shit it does I've
seen that thing it'll move and stuff and
they they put it out in the field like
where like people drive by and they see
it in the field
and well you know I'm one hand I'm like
that's hilarious and the other hand fuck
poachers so good yeah you know good got
they're doing that if you're out there
doing that it's not fair right yeah well
it's crazy too
and you know there's so many people out
there that don't follow the rules that
are out there shooting animals are not
supposed to shoot and you know there's a
reason why we have so many animals it's
because they they have the stringent set
of rules that they want you to follow
yeah and if you can get a tag for two
animals great that's what you're allowed
to get you get two animals that's it and
if you get four or five and you store
them in your freezer and not letting
anybody know you're a criminal and
you're part of the problem and if
everybody did that there would be no
animals left and that's really what this
country had at the turn of the century
when market hunting was in full swing
they mean almost wiped out black bears
almost wiped out white-tailed deer
almost wiped out elk mmm to this day elk
in this country are only in a small
percentage of the population that the
these including grizzly bears small
percentage of the place where they used
to be yeah California is a goddamn
grizzly bear as its state flag there's a
grizzly bear on the flag there's no
fucking Grizzlies here they whacked them
all they killed every one of them yeah I
did that because they were killing
people the last guy that get killed by a
grizzly bear was in I think is Steen I
think his name is Steven Levesque and
there's a town named after him when
you're headed up north if you're on the
way to Bakersfield there's a town called
Levesque and that's where that guy got
whacked say name to town after yeah and
that's the last place where a person get
killed by a grizzly bear in California
they just gunned them all down like II
know gotta get rid of all of them that's
awesome have you ever been around a
grizzly bear in real life I'm not a
grizzly bear I've seen brown bears black
bears
well brown bear is a grizzly yes the
same thing it was a little color fairies
black bear yeah but in there like a
little bit that what's it like there's a
little difference between them the
difference is really their diet yeah
bears are more aggressive because
they're out there fucking up moose and
deer and shit it's a hard-knock life for
a grizzly bear well I think that you
know the so the brown bears I mean
they're out there I mean they're out
there crushing most - right I mean there
but they're also eating a shitload of
fish yeah brown bears are coastal bears
gotcha and like in like Alaska yes
that's where I was at as Alaska so
that's where I was around them as in
Alaska there's a crazy picture that was
a went viral a couple days ago this
couple the this couple of guys are
fly-fishing and they don't even realize
that it bears right behind them oh gosh
just standing there in the river and
this fucking huge bear see if we can
find the picture it's so these guys were
on the river of a viral image men don't
know bears behind them they're fishing
they're on this river it's fucking huge
bears just right behind I'm looking at
them didn't even know it's there that's
awesome
I'm glad Bears are bears or something
else they are something else
there's something there's another video
I was looking for you know they're
efficient oh my god they had no idea
there's a fucking nine hundred pound
bear right behind him yeah I mean and
then you're kind of screwed right there
well like like like do you think the
guy's yelling at him as he's taking the
photo or do you think he took the photo
and in total the guy probably stayed
there for hours taking pictures I never
told him he probably was hoping that the
bear ate him you get the best picture
there's one great there's one crazy
video of these people riding these bikes
down this trail and oh the men the photo
were barely bothered when they realized
the bear oh well they must be Alaskan
Natives yeah goddamn savages up there
crazy people don't give a fuck those are
different that's a different breed of
human up there yeah that's like they're
they're hard people in Alaska people are
people yeah
looked over his shoulder and continued
fishing the Bears in the park regularly
walk up and down the riverbank searching
for food and will dive into the water
dozens of time per day see the thing is
those bears have so much salmon they get
so much meat that they they just think
of Sam and his food yeah like people are
just a pain in the ass that might might
shoot them and kill them they're not
interested in that as much yeah they
probably would have jumped right over me
or walked right past me to get the
salmon yeah there's I mean that's why
they're so big they get so much protein
there's an insane
a fish crazy that come up that river and
that's that's where the salmon salmon
are there there's a great video of this
guy hmm
he's got a camera set up and a bear
walks right next to him and just sits
down and it's like as close as where
Jamie is and it's fucking huge
it's so big this guy's got a lawn chair
there he's like hey bear come on man get
out of here bears like nine hundred
pounds or something it's down right next
to where like right where Jamie is just
chilling looking at any look out onto
the river itself and it's filled with
bears like 40 bears in view cuz they're
all just going through the salmon run
that's insane
it is insane that is insane yeah I lived
up in Alaska for a year and it was a
whole different world this is a
different world it barely America yeah
it's like it's a really nice place to
visit
I love Anchorage
yeah I've been once but man I really
enjoy the shit out of it when did you go
up there um I guess this - three years
ago my friend Ari Shaffir and I we did
some salmon fishing then we do it did a
couple shows up there yeah
yeah we had a great time man yeah like
during I think like April to you know
probably September is really it's
awesome it's hard to sleep though yeah I
mean cuz you gotta cover your eyes like
it's weird yeah like you're tired and it
looks like it's two o'clock in the
afternoon like this is fucking strange
that's pretty cool though yeah it
doesn't get too warm up there didn't
know obviously but those mosquitoes are
gangster they're like they should be
like two state bird
[Laughter]
they're terrible so big and so
aggressive they don't even make sense
yeah yeah we we got out of the car we
got to the river and you know you pull
up the trailhead and we we got out of
the car and we hadn't sprayed the bug
spray on we opened up the door I was
thinking well we'll get out you know
I'll put my clothes on then I'll spray
myself with bug spray the moment we open
the door the car was filled with a
hundred mosquitoes like how the fuck do
they even know we're here
oh they just found us go ahead fresh
blood just open the door
[Laughter]
we're inside the we're spraying bug
spray inside the truck it's ridiculous
it's so awesome
yeah it's a it's a crazy place to live
but it's also like when you're up there
you you recognize like oh like this is a
these people have a way closer
relationship with the natural world than
we do it gets cold as fuck in the winter
they're surrounded by grizzly bears
moose or everywhere deer everywhere it's
just a different different relationship
with wildlife yeah it's like you know
and everything up there like the one
thing I noticed is if whether you're
going out - there was a cabin there's a
cabin at Mount Denali and so what we
would do is we'd ride snow machines you
have to park and then you had to ride
snow machines out to it and it's like
everything you do up there is its it's
like serious yeah I mean it's not like
you better take it serious or you could
die yeah everything everything
everything everything yeah if you want
to go fishing or you know on the river
or whatever like it's all it's all
serious but it seems like the people
have a different attitude what is this
the mosquitos there almost swarm guys
that's in Alaska yeah they can kill baby
caribou caribou calves literally
mosquitoes will like sting them around
their eyeballs they're assholes until
they die swarm engulfs scientists who
recorded god-awful phenomenon that's
great man that's that's nature right
that's what happens when you only get to
live for a couple months yeah you just
gotta go all out
yeah that's why in LA this is fucking
zero mosquitoes like they're just like
chill oh my God look at this legs are
just covered they'll bite you right
through your fucking pants don't give a
shit about your pants look at that guy's
foot oh my god look it click on the foot
covered in mosquitos that is crazy that
is crazy oh my god that gives me the
heebie-jeebies just looking at it why is
that guy letting that happen back
package with monster skeeters yeah
they're doing it for the ground they're
actually getting your feet lit up just
for Instagram it's not worth it barrel
keep your feet protected bro it's too
crazy they'll go right through your
socks anything terribly I don't give a
shit about clothes or cuz you're not
gonna protect you clothes nope not up
there do you get a chance to do much
hunting these days you know I have it
haven't
much I haven't it's nots up at home I
used to I grew up hunting grew up
hunting and uh you know we've got a farm
in Kentucky and so I grew up there
hunting but my home you know my whole
life and I haven't hunted that the tons
I've been home I've hunted
I killed a nilgai down on the King Ranch
oh wow that's a big animal yeah that's
an elk sized animal it's like a horse
with horns yeah right yeah it's
beautiful yeah apparently unbelievably
delicious that's what I hear yeah
beautiful it's a beautiful animal
um I killed a bear up in Alaska I've
killed I've killed some deer stuff at
home you know in the farm but kill a
black bear I can't black bear yeah
they're delicious too
oddly enough right yeah people don't
know yeah they're they taste good yeah
yeah that's that King Ranch it's crazy
how many acres is that thing it's all I
think it's almost a million right I
think that's what it is right I think
it's almost a million taxes is so
strange I think it's like I think it's
almost a million acres I think it's like
the largest land 1.2 to five yeah oh
yeah and the crazy thing is is like
you're talking you're talking about I
got so fired up because you know I mean
I come from a farm and and and you know
the deer there it's not like they're
they're you know they're not we don't
feed them you know we don't we don't we
don't grow deer there right right and so
you're driving out and literally you're
getting out to open the gate leaving the
king ranch and you look over to your
right you know ten feet off the road and
there's a you know a non-typical huge
deer like I'll give anything to have
that oh yeah but it's a weird thing
right because they do feed them oh yeah
it's almost like agriculture
yeah they mean you know they put out
food plots and stuff like that and you
know the plots make sense
that's just plants the animals eat but
feeders all feeders yeah that's where I
draw the line I'm like okay what are we
doing here Cisco Agriculture is
attempting to enter hunting even if it's
a million acres if it's a million acres
in every you know eight hundred nine
hundred yards you have a feeder and all
the animals gather in the feeder so you
got a blind you hang out by the feeder
yeah I think King Ranch and yeah that's
an eel guy yeah how good with those
things they're good I hear they're
better than elk it's really good
I heard it's insanely delicious it is so
good I've never had out but oh I could
take care of that how long you in town
for I'll leave out tonight oh I'll give
you some in the freezer bag yeah bring
it home with you
yeah uh they were you know so the thing
about them is when you see them they're
running like yes soon as well they used
to be in around Lyons that's what's so
crazy about Texas like they they take
all these African animals like you can
hunt a fucking zebra in Texas are you
brother five yeah zebra what why is
there a zebra here and the zebras get
out too that's what's really fucked up
they keep them in these high fence
ranches but those fences break and then
you get zebras just running around
running around yeah I got a buddy who
has a farm who has elk you know down in
Texas he's got elk yeah farm because
they got out yeah I'm down the river
well that's a real common thing in West
Texas now yeah is elk there's quite a
few of them and you know you look at
some of the ranges where they where they
hunt them and you know it looks like
you're you might as well be in Colorado
or something like that's weird yeah I
got a buddy who he has giraffes on his
farm to dress what is he doing with them
they're just there for just go fine go
feed the giraffes I had a bit of my act
a couple years ago and my triggered
Netflix special triggered about Texas
and about how there's more tigers in
captivity in Texas than in all of the
wild of the world really yep more tigers
includes backyards in private
collections it's great as more Tigers in
Texas then all of the wild total war so
these drafts I think I think the story
behind them was is and I don't quote me
on it but I think the story behind him
was is like this the zoos couldn't
afford to feed them anymore and so they
brought them in and let them run so they
feed him like it wasn't you know that
make sense yes like the zoo's I guess
like I guess they couldn't afford to
keep up with them or something that
makes sense yeah this is something it's
something oddly perverse about bringing
animals that are not supposed to be as
always to a certain place you guys I'm
Jamie what do you got in Texas it's
easier to own a tiger than a dog then a
dog that's been labeled dangerous it's
estimated there could be from 2000
thousand Tigers living in the southern
state of the United States
meaning Texas could have more Tigers in
roughly the 300 thousand eight hundred
Tigers living in the wild globally the
that yeah if you have a dog that's
dangerous people think you're an asshole
if you got a tiger like oh you're just
in the wild life that's crazy
that's crazy that's such a fucked up
thing to have in your heart you know
fucking Tiger how much do you trust your
fences I mean what kind of fence control
they have their fence regulations they
surely they have two right I don't know
man it's pretty nuts but there's a lot
of them a lot of them there and again
there's in so many people's backyard no
one really knows how many Tigers there
are some people put the United States
Tiger population around seven thousand
others say it's inflated by animal
welfare activists to raise money of
course it is of course that's what it is
that's what they were taking money
there's a lot of them there though man I
know a bunch of people that have seen
Tigers in people's yards in Texas and in
fact it was a crazy story about these
kids are smoking weed and they went into
this abandoned house and they go into
the abandoned house and inside the
abandoned house is a tiger in a cage and
they're like wait what
why so they walk into this fucking
abandoned house - trying to get high and
they find a tiger I thought was like The
Hangover right yes yeah I mean that you
find that story yeah it's a fucking
crazy story these kids are just trying
to smoke a little weed escape from life
Tiger found in abandoned house by person
just wanted a smoke pot that's crazy
yeah that's tiger baby that's Tigers in
Texas that's so often so listen man it's
been an honor having you I really I'm
glad we finally got a chance to do it
and let's get you out I want to get you
out without John Dudley taking on one of
these hunts that we do in that would be
great about this mom let everybody know
if you have social media I do I'm on
Instagram Dakota Meyer zero three one
seven
I'm on Facebook Dakota Meyer so yeah and
all the information about all these
things you're in everything's out there
absolutely beautiful thank you brother
thank you appreciate it bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]